now the international Committee of the
Red Cross says its offices in Gaza have
been damaged by shelling which killed 22
people who'd sought shelter around its
compound it said all parties had an
obligation to take precautions to avoid
harm to civilians and humanitarian
facilities the icrc did not say who had
carried out the attacks adding that it
was the most recent incident to have H
endangered civilian lives an Israel
Defense Forces spokesman told the BBC
that initially inquiry suggested there
was no indication that it had carried
out a strike in the area but added that
the incident was under
review well that raid comes as a
simmering conflict between Israel and
the Lebanese armed group Hezbollah risks
turning into a wider Regional War the
two sides have exchanged fire across the
Lebanon Israel Border in recent weeks
Hezbollah says it's fighting Israel to
support Hamas in Gaza Israel's military
said that operational plans for an
effect ensive in Lebanon had been
approved and validated our Middle East
correspondent Lucy Williamson has been
to the Israeli side of the Border this
week and sent this
report War empties neighborhoods here on
Israel's northern border many say war is
also the way to get residents back were
you heard here I stand Here David has
refused to leave even when Rockets
landed right in front of his house a few
weeks ago sh rapel slicing through the
walls the wall missing him by inches
it's made him even more determined to
stay every day every night bomb problem
and I born here what I say
look kill if you live here one night you
go crazy very very strong very problem
bombs
Rockets why Rockets hit kirat mner every
week this slipped past Israel's defenses
last Friday hitting a street outside the
mayor's office the US is pushing hard
for a diplomatic solution here but the
mayor says fullscale war is the only way
out sitting here like Lambs to slaughter
just waiting for the day they attack us
like we saw in the South it's
unacceptable and everyone understands
the choic is between War now or War
later I don't think there's any country
in the world that would accept daily
fire against its
citizens Israel has been striking back
across the border and talking up
preparations for a full scale offensive
against Hezbollah Hezbollah has vowed
that nowhere in Israel would be spared
tough talk is part of both sides
strategy of deterence but it can also
Spotlight the path to war look like a
missile I don't know it looks like they
shot it Tom was out when a Hezbollah
rocket hit his house in kibuts Malia
right on the
border look what one rocket can do to a
house you just everything ruined it's
crazy no he says Israel's leadership has
failed they lost it they need to quit
all of them
yeah the biggest failure of of our army
and our country was in the 7 of October
and they were the
leaders there's growing pressure in
Israel for a ceasefire in Gaza that
would likely calm tensions in the north
as
well but Israel's prime minister is
keeping both conflicts going mortgaged
by his promise to far-right government
allies to destroy Hamas before ending
the Gaza War playing for time is his
specialty but the longer this conflict
goes on the more it turns into playing
with fire Lucy Williamson BBC News the
Israel Lebanon border